1. Use the command: man -k "string", where string is the word we want
to look for.

I found this by using the command: man man to access the manual pages
for the man command, and in there was a list of options, and -k was an
option that did the same thing as the command: apropos. By doing: man
apropos, I found that apropos did what the question asks for. So I
then used man -k "string", which printed out a list of commands in the
first column, the manual section they're from in the second column,
and the sentence that contains the string we're looking for in the
third column.


2. cp is located at /bin/cp and wc is located at /usr/bin/wc

I found this by using the whereis command with the -b option on each
of the commands cp and wc. When I used: whereis cp, three paths were
printed, and I didn't know which one to use, so I used: man whereis to
find that using the option -b will make whereis only print out the
location of the binary of the command.


3. X is a program that manages the graphics operations and windows of
other programs. w is a program that shows information about which
users are currently using the machine, the processes each user is
running, and other information about the users. [ has no manual entry.

I found the programs by running: find /usr/bin -executable -name
?. This command outputted three lines, each on a separate line:
/usr/bin/X, /usr/bin/w, /usr/bin/[. This command finds files in the
specified directory with the specified name. So here I'm looking in
/usr/bin for executables with the name ?, and ? is the metacharacter
that means look for all files with a single character name. I found
this command in the powerpoint, and looked in man find to know how to
use the name option and specify a directory.


4. When that symbolic link is executed, /etc/alternatives/emacs is the
file that's actually executed.

I used readlink /usr/bin/emacs to find the file that's actually
executed. This command printed out exactly
/etc/alternatives/emacs. Readlink prints the value of a symbolic
link. I found this command in the powerpoint.


5. chmod g+s means to set the group id upon execution. This basically
means that when the executable is executed, it will have the
permissions of the executable's group, but only while it is
executed. chmod o-x means to remove the "executing" permission of a
file for all other users. This means that other users (users not part
of user or group) will not be able to run the file.

All of the above information are from lecture/powerpoint.


6. The -mtime option of find lets me do that, and use -type to specify
files.

This was found by using the command: man find, then reading the -mtime
option.


7. For 3 weeks this would be: find / -type d -mtime -21

This command, when I run it, prints of a list of directory paths of
differnt directories that have been modified in the last three weeks.


8. There are 20 symbolic links

I first used: whereis find to find the directory where find is
located. Then I used: cd /bin to go to that directory. Then I used the
command: find -type l to find all of the files which are symbolic
links. This command listed all of the files that are symbolic links,
one on each line.


9. The oldest regular file in that directory is
"libgamin-1.so.0.1.10".

I first used: cd /usr/lib to go to the directory, and then I used: ls
-atl to list all of the files in the directory in order of the time
that the file was last modified. The command outputted a list of all
files, directories, and symbolic links in the directory organized in
columns, and "libgamin-1.so.0.1.10" was a regular file because its
permission line begun with a -.


10. The locale command gets its data from the environment variables
LC_CTYPE, LC_COLLATE, etc.

Found using: man locale, which printed out the manual page for locale.


11. The list of commands that have sort in their name:
Buffer-menu-sort, Buffer-menu-sort-by-column, ibuffer-invert-sorting,
ibuffer-toggle-sorting-mode, rmail-sort-by-author,
rmail-sort-by-correspondent, rmail-sort-by-date, rmail-sort-by-labels,
rmail-sort-by-lines, rmail-sort-by-recipient, rmail-sort-by-subject,
sort-columns, sort-fields, sort-lines, sort-numeric-fields,
sort-pages, sort-paragraphs, sort-regexp-fields.

These commands are all commands that sort a certain region of text by
a certain criteria.

I found this list by using the emacs help command and apropos: C-h a
sort. This printed a list of commands and a short description of what
each command does. I found this command on the page that is shown when
emacs is first opened.


12.  C-M-a: move to the beginning of current function C-M-b: move
backward over the next expression C-M-c: exits the recursive edit
C-M-d: moves to the right of the next left parentheses C-M-e: moves to
the end of the current function C-M-f: moves forward over the next
expression C-M-g: not a command C-M-h: sets the region around the
current function Yes their actions can be listed concisesly.

I found the list of commands in emacs by using the command: C-h b, and
scrolled down until I saw the list of commands that start with
C-M-. Its output looks something like this: C-M-a beginning-of-defun
C-M-b backward-sexp C-M-c exit-recursive-edit ....


13. C-g is the ASCII character BEL, which interrupts what emacs is
doing, and gets the user out of anything emacs is currently
asking. This command will cancel whatever command was last written,
run, or partially written by the user.

This information was found in the emacs tutorial linked to us in the
assignment spec.


14. Yanking pastes the next set of text in the kill-ring into the
current buffer.

Information found in the emacs tutorial linked to us in the assignment
spec.


15. Dired shows the used and available memory, where ls -l does
not. Dired shows hidden files, ls -l does not.

Information found by running: M-x dired and then /usr/bin in emacs,
and running: ls -l in linux, and then comparing the two outputs.
